What was my biggest challenge with this program so far? Something specific would be the issue I had with the last assessment with plagiarism. I didn't understand some of the terms that were used in the second question, so I looked them up. Where I went wrong was when I wrote my answer to the question as I was reading about it, and it turned out almost identical. What I should have done was read about it, and then when I understood the terms, explain it using my own words and explanations.

What are the differences between the loops: `for`, `while`, and `do-while`? A `while` loop is probably the most simple loop out of the three. `While` loops check if a conditional is true, and if it is, it runs the code in the following block. If the conditional is not true, it will not run. After running the block of code, unless the block of code breaks the loop, it will once again check the conditional and so on. Example: while (conditional) {execute this code}. A `do-while` loop does the same thing as a `while` loop, except that it checks the conditional *after* running the block of code, ensuring that the code runs at least once. Example: do {execute this code} while (conditional). `For` loops are basically a more specific and structured version of a `while` loop. Every `for` loop creates a variable, and initializes that variable to a value. After that, it checks a conditional, if the conditional is true, it runs the following block of code. After every iteration of the block of code, the `for` loop iterates a single statement. Example: for (creates a var and initializes it; conditional; do this after executing code) {execute this code}.

Why is splitting problem solving into two parts - writing pseudocode, and turning that into code - important, and how will it help me in future classes? The reason writing pseudocode before coding is important, is it makes sure you know exactly what steps your program is going to take, and that you don't miss any steps. If you try to solve a problem while writing the code, it sometimes becomes very confusing why your code is doing what it is doing. I had never used pseudocode before college, and programming was just a lot harder, because I was trying to figure out what to do as I was trying to figure out how to write it in code. In my future classes, I think it will help me to write programs more efficiently, as it is simply a more organized way of programming. I have also always written programs by myself, and not having those steps written out could make it very confusing for anyone else reading the code.
