Write your answers to the first week's assessment in this file. If you want to add [Markdown formatting](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/), double check it in the Preview tab before submitting.
The important thing I have learned this week is it is okay to make a lot of mistakes and not to give up when thing to do not make sense. Just take a little break, get your mind clear and then try back and see how you can fix it. Also another thing is to ask a lot of questions and look at different resources that can help you understand. And also do some practice on the material so you can get a better feel of it.
The general idea of high and low programming languages using the concept of abstraction is that high level programming language is it enables the programmer to write programs more/less independent on a certain type of computer. A low level programming language is a little or even no abstraction from the computer's instructions.
JavaScript was designed to be flexible with values and types, often jumping back and forth between them. Compare some pros and cons of this decision. How might it help you? How might it get in the way? The pros of JavaScript values and types is one big thing how simple it is compare to the other programs. Another thing is JavaScript is one of the most popular software that people use to do coding. and also the speed it runs so fast because it runs immediately with clients browser which is an big advantage for them. The Cons of JavaScript because no software is perfect and has a few bugs but one of them is Browser support which is the JavaScript language is kind of different but not to much. As long as you check your work it is all good. How all this can help me is by with JavaScript being the post popular, used and it not as complex compare to python and C plus should be easier to understand and not get as frustrated. Take advantage on how much work I do not have to do on JavaScript because it does a lot of the work. It might get in the way but not really.
