I think the most important thing I learned this week was just the introduction and some of the basics of JavaScript. I think it was good to get a feel of what we would be learning right away and get familiar with the style and format of JavaScript.
What is the general idea of high and low level programming languages? A high level programmer is what most people think of when they think of a programmer. High level programing languages offer a higher level of abstraction from the machine code. They are written in a way that is close to English, making it easier for the programmer to write the code and focus on the solution, and making it easier to find and fix bugs in the program. Any high level program is portable and is designed to run on different types of machines. Low level programming languages are written in a way that is close to the language of the machine (binary), so low level programmers have to memorize or look up numerical codes for every step in the program. Low level programs can make use of special hardware or machine-dependent instructions on a specific chip. They also require less memory and can be executed faster. Really, the only difference between high and low level programming languages is the level of abstraction, with high level programming languages abstracting all the machine code and allowing the programmer to code in almost English, and low level programming languages providing very little abstraction making the programmer code in almost the language of the machine, so the code takes less memory and can be executed faster.
What are some of the pros and cons of the flexility with values and types in JavaScript. I think it can be very helpful and efficient at times, allowing you to write less code and making the code more readable. For example, as I was learning programming in C#, I needed to change the type of a piece of user input from type string to type int. To do this I had to write a line of code that changed the type of the input so that I could use that input. In JavaScript, that would not have been necessary, and that is just one example of many things that JavaScript does by itself automatically. On the other side, JavaScript automatically translating things that you write so that it doesn't produce an error can be very confusing. If you were, as a beginner, to write a piece of code incorrectly, instead of sending an error message, JavaScript might just read the code in a way that you didn't want it to. Instead of showing you the error you made, it would just give you the wrong output, forcing you to trace it back to where you made the mistake.
